FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal no abnormally enlarged lymph nodes.  Of note, a 
curvilinear area of enhancement is seen in the right paramediastinal 
region and appears to be within the right middle lobe (series 24, 
image 3178, slice locator S 11.3; series 2, image 114, slice locator 
S4.4); this correlates with the mild FDG uptake described on the 
prior PET/CT dated 4/12/12, felt likely to represent inflammatory 
change.  A left chest wall port is partially visualized. No other 
remarkable extramammary findings are noted.
 
The breasts are composed of heterogeneously dense tissue with minimal 
scattered foci of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There has been interval significant decrease in size of the enhancing 
mass in the lower central right breast at the 6 o'clock position, 4.3 
cm from the nipple, with the total area of enhancement now measuring 
approximately 1.4 x 1.0 x 1.4 cm (series 24, image 3169, slice 
locator I 0.7).  Adjacent susceptibility artifact is compatible with 
post-biopsy metal marker (series 2, image 119, slice locator I 3.1).  
There are no other areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement 
to suggest additional invasive malignancy.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy.
 
Addendum Begins
Addendum:
Dr. Dirbas requested information imaging guidance for preoperative 
needle localization of the residual cancer. In review of the 
mammogram and ultrasound of the same day, the cancer is best seen by 
ultrasound at the 6:00 position of the right breast 2 cm from the 
nipple as a 9 mm ill-defined mass. If the patient desires breast 
conservation, localization could be done with a 7.5 cm needle from 
the lateral approach with ultrasound guidance. 
D Ikeda 
Addendum Ends
