FINDINGS: 
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast demonstrate asymmetrically enlarged left axillary lymph nodes. 
Incidentally seen are several T2 hyperintense nonenhancing hepatic 
lesions, the largest measuring 1.5 cm. These correlate with at least 
6 low density lesions seen on outside CT dated 7/9/10, and are 
thought to represent cysts or hemangiomas.
The breasts are composed of dense fibroglandular breast tissue with 
moderate scattered background enhancement.
 
Right Breast:
 
R1: On a background of moderate enhancement, at the 9 o'clock 
position, 1.9 cm from the nipple, there is a 7-mm ill-defined area of 
mass enhancement best seen on slice locator 15.2 (series 6, image 
60).  
R2: At the 6 o'clock position, 2.1 cm the nipple, there is a 6-mm 
round T2 bright enhancing mass best seen on slice locator -6.7 
(series 6, image 71), which may represent an intramammary lymph node 
or fibroadenoma.
R3: At the 3 o'clock position, 4.6 cm from the nipple, there is a 
6-mm ovoid T2 bright enhancing mass best seen on slice locator 5.2 
(series 6, image 65), which may represent an intramammary lymph node 
or fibroadenoma.
Left Breast:
 
L1: In the upper outer quadrant, 3.8 cm from the nipple on the 
sagittal images, there is an irregular enhancing mass measuring 3 x 2 
x 2.3 cm, consistent with known triple negative index cancer, best 
seen on slice locator 53.2 (series 6, image 41). It is approximately 
5 mm from the chest wall and 5 mm from the skin. A signal void is 
seen within this mass consistent with a postbiopsy metal marker.
L2: 1.5 cm inferior and 0.5 cm lateral to the index mass, in the 
upper outer quadrant, 2.6 cm from the nipple, there is a 7-mm 
enhancing mass best seen on slice locator 23 (series 6, image 56), 
suspicious for a satellite lesion.
L3: In the upper outer quadrant, 4.4 cm from the nipple, there is a 
6-mm oval enhancing mass best seen on slice locator -16.7 (series 6, 
image 76). It is located approximately 2 mm from the chest wall and 
12 mm from the skin of the lateral breast.  Differential 
consideration includes satellite lesion versus an intramammary lymph 
node.
 
