FINDINGS: 
Overview: Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images 
of the breast reveal no abnormally enlarged lymph nodes. A 
normal-appearing left axillary lymph node is identified.
Breast composition: Heterogeneously dense fibroglandular breast 
tissue.
Background enhancement: minimal scattered background enhancement.
 
Right Breast:
 
At the 10 to 3 o'clock position, best seen on series 7 image 30 
R90.7, is a large spiculated area with parenchymal distortion which 
corresponds to biopsy-proven invasive ductal carcinoma.  There is 
markedly decreased enhancement compared to prior MR.  Enhancement 
kinetics has changed to gradual wash-in, but viable tumor can still 
be present in the context of neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
 
At the 7 to 8 o'clock position, best seen on series 7 image 24 
R100.3, there is a linear area of enhancement that is smaller when 
compared to prior.  Biopsy of this region on 2/3/10 demonstrated 
breast parenchyma, edema, inflammation, and nonproliferative 
fibrocystic change.
 
Previously identified abnormality at the 12 o'clock position is not 
readily seen on this study.
 
Left Breast:
 
At the 10:30 to 12 o'clock position, best seen on series 7 image 121 
L65.5, is an irregular area of enhancement.  When compared to prior, 
the enhancement is decreased.  Biopsy on 2/3/10 demonstrated benign 
breast parenchyma.
Previously identified enhancing mass at the 12:30 position, best seen 
on series 7 image 129 L79.1 on the prior exam, is no longer 
identified.  Biopsy of this region demonstrated ductal carcinoma in 
situ.
There are T1 bright structures immediately posterior to the nipple in 
the retroareolar region likely representing fluid/debris within the 
ducts.
