FINDINGS: 
Scattered fibroglandular breast tissue with minimal background 
enhancement.  
No abnormally enlarged lymph nodes.  Unremarkable regional structures.
RIGHT BREAST:  
R1:  5 cm area of mass enhancement with spiculated and irregular 
margins and associated architectural distortion with enhancement 
kinetics of rapid wash-in and washout at the site of biopsy proven 
invasive ductal carcinoma, 9mm from the skin surface, extending from 
the nipple to the mid breast, from 10:00 - 3 o'clock (SL R58.6 - 
104.5; axial reformatted images 25-44), but most pronounced at 11:00 
o'clock.  The posterior margin of abnormal enhancement is located 1.5 
cm from the chest wall.  
R2:  2.5 x 0.8 x 0.7 cm area of clumped ductal enhancement in the 
lower outer breast, at 7:00 - 8:00 o'clock (SL R89.2 - 102.8; ax 
reformatted images 51-56).  The anterior margin of this enhancement 
is located 5.8 cm from the base of the nipple; the posterior margin 
of this enhancement appears to extend to the chest wall.
R3:  Few foci of gradual enhancement in the upper central posterior 
breast, including a 4.6 mm focus just above the level of the nipple 
(SL R97.7, 3mm from the chest wall).  Among these several foci of 
enhancement, there is a 6 mm irregular area of mass enhancement in 
the upper central posterior breast, at 12:00 o'clock, 5.3 cm from the 
nipple (SL R96; ax reformatted images 29-31).  This mass is located 1 
cm from the posterior margin of the index tumor and 1 cm from the 
chest wall.  Despite the gradual enhancement kinetics of these 
findings, their location and morphology are nevertheless suspicious, 
in particular the 6 mm mass, which could represent satellite lesion 
or pseudopod from index mass.
LEFT BREAST:
L1:  3.5 cm area of clumped enhancement in the upper inner breast, 
10:30-12 o'clock (SL L55.3 - L72.3), comprised of multiple foci and 
masses, the largest of which is a 1 cm irregular enhancing mass with 
ill-defined margins and rapid wash-in and plateau kinetics, at 11:30 
o'clock, 5.2 cm from the nipple (SL L65.5 (axial reformatted images 
#22-34).
L2:  6.5 x 6.5 x 6 cm segmental area of gradual enhancement extending 
from the central breast to the chest wall, from 12:00 to 4:00 (slice 
locators L91 - L74) (axial reformatted images #36-49).  At the 
anterior and medial margin of this area of segmental enhancement, 
there is a 1.1 cm irregular mass with irregular margins in the 
central breast, at 12:30 o'clock 3.6 cm from the base of the nipple 
(L79.1).  With the patient prone, the mass is 9 mm above the nipple 
line at 12:00 o'clock, however with patient supine or upright, the 
mass may be in the central breast.  
