FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal at least 3 large nodal masses in the left axilla, the 
largest measuring 2.5 x 2.7 cm on slice locator S74.8.
 
The breasts are composed of predominantly fatty tissue with minimal 
background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy.
 
There are post biopsy changes in the right upper breast around the 12 
o'clock position. There is susceptibility artifact likely 
corresponding to the two postbiopsy markers. There is an 8 mm 
gradually enhancing mass at R108.5 which may correlate to the 
fibroadenoma that was biopsied. 
 
There are a few additional gradually enhancing nonspecific foci less 
than 5 mm.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
Much of the left upper outer quadrant is involved by malignancy, 
likely multifocal in origin. The posterior component is a 5.4 x 4.3 x 
5.4 cm irregular mass with irregular margins demonstrating rapid wash 
in and washout enhancement kinetics. Susceptibility artifact within 
this mass consistent with a postbiopsy marker is identified on slice 
locator L1 37.2.
 
The anterior component is a 4.4 x 2.6 x 3.2 cm irregular mass 
demonstrating rapid wash in and washout enhancement kinetics. 
Immediately adjacent to this mass are several subcentimeter satellite 
lesions.
 
The anterior component is connected to the posterior component by a 
thin enhancing stalk, best seen on slice locator L139.9. The total 
area of malignancy measures 9 x 5 x 5.4 cm. The closest distance to 
the skin surface is approximately 8 mm at the anterosuperior aspect. 
The closest distance to the pectoralis muscle is approximately 3 cm 
at the posterior aspect.
 
The cancer is seen on images 29 through 56 on series 701 and from 
slice locator L102.1 L156.1.
 
