FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal a few mildly prominent lymph nodes with minimal 
cortical thickening in the right axilla. .
 
The breasts are composed of heterogeneously dense tissue with 
moderate background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
There are several (more than 10) irregular masses with spiculated 
margins in the right breast with rim enhancement and rapid wash in 
and wash out enhancement kinetics in all 4 quadrants, concerning for 
multicentric invasive malignancy. Three of these masses are in the 
lower inner quadrant of the right breast and are associated with post 
biopsy metal markers, corresponding to recently biopsied areas of 
invasive ductal carcinoma and DCIS. These 3 contiguous masses span a 
region which measures 2.0 x 3.8 x 2 .2 cm, best seen on series 9 
image 107 slice locater R66.
 
There is a 9 x 8 x 12mm  irregular mass with spiculated margins and 
rim enhancement and rapid wash in and wash out enhancement kinetics 
in the upper inner right breast 2 o'clock position 2.7cm from the 
nipple seen on series 9 image 107 slice locater R66
 
There is an 11 x 13 x 17mm irregular mass with spiculated margins and 
rim enhancement and rapid wash in and wash out enhancement kinetics 
in the upper outer right breast 10 o'clock position 7.7cm from the 
nipple seen on series 9 image 119 slice locater R90. There are a 3 
small enhancing masses seen just lateral to this dominant mass on 
slice locator R100. 
 
There is a 7 x 7 x 12mm irregular mass with spiculated margins and 
rim enhancement and rapid wash in and wash out enhancement kinetics 
in the lower slightly outer right breast 7 o'clock position 2.3cm 
from the nipple seen on series 9 image 120 slice locater R92
 
There are 2 adjacent irregular masses with spiculated margins and rim 
enhancement and rapid wash in and wash out enhancement kinetics in 
the lower right breast 6 o'clock position 2.2cm from the nipple, 
which together measure 14 x 9 x 12mm seen on series 9 image 118 slice 
locater R88. 
 
There is a 9 x 8 x 9 mm irregular mass with spiculated margins and 
rim enhancement and rapid wash in and wash out enhancement kinetics 
in the upper slightly outer right breast 11 o'clock position 3.1 cm 
from the nipple seen on series 9 image 122 slice locater R96. 
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy. There are a few small patchy areas of 
gradual enhancement in the lower outer left breast which are stable 
compared to February 2004.  The previously described enhancing 
abnormality in the upper left breast has resolved.
 
