FINDINGS: Comparison made with prior MRI scan 09/04/09. 
 
The localizer and T1-weighted images reveal no change in the slightly 
prominent axillary lymph nodes. Although these have a fatty hilum, 
there is one measuring approximately 2 cm in the left high axilla 
with slightly nodular contour. Clinical correlation and/or 
sonographic evaluation is recommended if there is consideration for 
potential metastatic disease. 
 
Overall, images are somewhat difficult to interpret because the 
comparison of 09/04/09 was not loaded with appropriate precontrast 
images, and on that examination, the limited images provided make it 
difficult to determine the exact extent of tumor. However, based on 
what is provided today, we note the following: In the left breast, 
two susceptible artifacts, consistent with clips marking the site of 
recent biopsy for neoadjuvant chemotherapy in the upper outer 
quadrant are seen on series 7, images 24 and 25. In this location on 
axial VIBRANT images dynamically, there is an approximately 13 mm in 
greatest linear dimension (series 401, image 46) abnormally enhancing 
mass. This has rapid wash-n and early washout and is suspicious for 
residual malignancy. Note: direct comparison is difficult with thre 
previous exam is difficult because the pre-contrast images from the 
previous exam are unavailable.  However, given the report and also my 
assessment of the breast architecture on both exams, I believe this 
area of previously measured greatest linear dimension 26 mm on series 
7, image 19 of the previous exam.   There is an infusion port in the 
right subclavicular subcutaneous tissue, with the catheter tip noted 
on contrast-enhanced images in the superior vena cava. 
 
Elsewhere in both breasts there is patchy enhancement of uncertain 
significance. However, no definite areas of very rapid early 
enhancement are identified to suggest multicentric, multifocal or 
contralateral invasive malignancy. 
 
