FINDINGS:  Preliminary localizer images are unremarkable. Axial 
T1-weighted spin-echo images reveal dramatic decrease in size of the 
right previously abnormal axillary lymph nodes. There are currently 
no abnormally enlarged lymph nodes appreciated on this scan.  
 
Bilateral T2-weighted fat suppressed fast spin-echo images are 
unremarkable. 
 
Precontrast high-resolution 3D SSMT images are unremarkable. There is 
minimal interductal secretions noted retroareolar to the right 
breast, likely unchanged. These could be duct ectasia or minimal 
hemorrhage in the ducts, perhaps related to the patient's known tumor 
on this side.  
 
With contrast enhancement, the dominant mass in the upper right 
breast is currently seen on series 7, image 28 at R97.7. This is best 
seen on series 7, image 27 at R99.8. It measures 5.4 mm in greatest 
dimension. This is located 11 mm posterior and slightly superior to 
susceptibility artifact likely corresponding to the two biopsy clips 
noted on the accompanying mammograms.  This would place this residual 
enhancing mass at the site of the cluster of microcalcifications seen 
on the mammogram. This decrease in size is significant compared to 11 
mm pretreatment size. Overall, the distance from the nipple remains 
approximately 9 cm. 
 
Elsewhere in the right breast, there are a few tiny punctate foci of 
nonspecific enhancement.  Overall, the dynamic analysis of this is 
very limited by motion artifact, however, it appears to demonstrate 
rapid enhancement followed by plateau signal intensity.  
 
In the left breast, the contrast enhanced images show a few faint 
foci of nonspecific enhancement.
 
