FINDINGS:  A single 9 mm lymph node is appreciated in the right 
axilla that still posses a somewhat fatty hilum, however cannot 
exclude metastatic disease with this appearance.  Normal appearance 
of the left axilla.  The lungs, mediastinum, and visualized upper 
abdomen appear unremarkable.  Visualized osseous structures appear 
normal. 
 
The breast tissue is scattered fibroglandular.  There is an 
approximately 4.5 cm mass in the right breast upper outer quadrant 
that demonstrates rapid wash in and wash out peripherally while more 
centrally there is slower wash in in a plateau phase.  The peripheral 
tissue is most worrisome for malignancy while the central region 
could indicate more fibrotic tissue.  Additionally, medially there is 
an enhancing band, with gradual enhancement and a plateau phase, that 
extends approximately 8 cm and could represent tumor associated DCIS 
or possibly angiolymphatic invasion.  There is also prominent right 
breast localized skin thickening/cutaneous edema and the tumor mass 
abuts the adjacent skin, as well as showing likely cutaneous 
involvement.  Pronounced edema is also appreciated of the 
retromammary fat plane/pre pectoral region.  However, there is no 
clear involvement of the underlying pectoralis muscle.  Asymmetric 
enhancement is also appreciated of the right retroareolar region.  
 
The left breast demonstrates some areas of patchy enhancement that 
are nonspecific, however, there is at least one 8 x 5 mm area, 7.9 cm 
from the nipple at the 12 o'clock position, approximately 14 mm above 
the posterior nipple line (best seen on series 7, image 118, slice 
locator left 79.8).  
 
