FINDINGS: 
Overview: Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images 
of the breast reveal bilateral lymph nodes.  The lymph nodes in the 
left axilla demonstrate predominantly fatty hilum.  The lymph nodes 
in the right axilla appear slightly more prominent with some 
demonstrating fatty hilum and some not.  Of note there are some 
sub-pectoral lymph nodes identified on the right which are 
suspicious.  There are bilateral subpectoral saline implants.  There 
is a 1.3-cm left upper lobe, round, enhancing lung mass consistent 
with biopsy proven carcinoid.
 
Right Breast:
 
There is a heterogeneous, enhancing mass seen on series 801 extending 
from slice locator 52.77 - 75.27.  This enhancing mass demonstrates 
rim enhancement as well as internal enhancing septa and is located 7 
cm from the nipple.  The posterior margin of this mass is abutting 
the pectoralis muscle however the muscle does appear to be spared.  
There is a prominent draining vein feeding this mass. 
9 mm from the inferior margin of the index cancer there is a 6.7 x 5 
mm rim enhancing focus which is concerning for a satellite lesion.  
This is located at the 12 o'clock position, 4.6 cm from the base of 
the nipple best seen on series 805 image 80.
Additionally, 1.8 cm inferior to the possible satellite lesion is a 
4.9-mm progressively enhancing round focus in the upper outer right 
breast located 4.7 cm from the nipple best seen on series 805 image 
86 slice locator 82.77, which is moderately suspicious, however 
Connecticut of analysis could not be performed on outside images.
 Left Breast:
 
There are multiple, scattered, delayed and progressively enhancing 
foci in the left breast. No areas of suspicious mass or non-mass 
enhancement to suggest invasive malignancy.
 
