FINDINGS: 
Overview: Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images 
of the breast reveal multiple subcentimeter right axillary lymph 
nodes, some of which demonstrate no discernible fatty hilum and the 
largest of which measures 6.4 x 9.6 mm on series 9 image 26. 
Bilateral subpectoral silicone breast prostheses are noted.  
Unchanged appearance of a 1.4 cm nodule in the left upper lobe, 
corresponding to patient's known carcinoid tumor. A left chest wall 
Mediport is noted.
Breast composition: Heterogeneously dense.
Background enhancement: Minimal     background enhancement.
 
Right Breast:
 
Redemonstration of a 2.7 x 2.8 x 2.7 cm mass in the right upper inner 
quadrant at the site of the patient's biopsy proven carcinoma.  There 
has been no interval change in size, although the morphology of the 
lesion appears different, now with a more confluent and rounded 
appearance.  A possible 3 mm satellite lesion is seen anteriorly on 
series 9 image 37 with an additional posteriorly directed 4-mm 
pseudopod versus satellite lesion on series 9 image 43.  There is 
heterogeneous contrast enhancement of the entire lesion as well as 
the putative satellite lesions, with rapid wash in and plateau 
enhancement.  Posteriorly, the region of enhancement appears to 
directly abut the pectoralis muscle.  Although there is no definite 
abnormal enhancement of the pectoralis, microscopic infiltration 
cannot be excluded.  Elsewhere, there are no new suspicious areas of 
mass or non-mass enhancement to suggest malignancy.
 
Left Breast:
 
No areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to suggest 
invasive malignancy.
 
