FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal subcentimeter bilateral axillary lymph nodes. There is 
decreased T1 signal in bilateral humeri, compatible with bone marrow 
replacement from chemotherapy. Bilateral subpectoral silicone breast 
implants are present.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with moderate scattered foci 
of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There is prominent susceptibility artifact measuring 1.2 cm related 
to a marker in the upper outer quadrant of the right breast at the 
site of index cancer. No enhancing mass is seen at this site to 
correspond to the previously described R1 mass (9 to 10 o'clock 
position), although evaluation is limited by susceptibility artifact.
 
The previously described 7-mm enhancing mass (R2) approximately 2.3 
cm anterior and inferior to the index cancer is not visualized on the 
current study. There is a 4-mm nonspecific enhancing focus 
demonstrating gradual enhancement which is located 4 mm anteriorly 
and superiorly to the marker at the 10:30 position 5.3 cm from the 
nipple (SL R103.9).
 
Compared to the outside MR from 5/28/2010, there appear to be fewer 
scattered nonspecific enhancing foci measuring less than 5 mm (R3).
 
Redemonstrated are subcentimeter breast cysts, the largest measuring 
7 mm (SL R96.9).
 
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
At the 6:00 position in the lower left breast 4.8 cm from the nipple, 
there is a 7-mm mass demonstrating central T2 hyperintensity in thick 
peripheral enhancement with plateau kinetics that is not definitely 
present on the prior study. This mass is approximately 2.5 mm deep to 
the skin. Differential considerations include infection and neoplasm. 
Subcentimeter breast cysts are also present.
 
SILICONE-IMPLANT SEQUENCES:
 
No evidence of intracapsular or extracapsular rupture of either 
breast.
 
