FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast again demonstrate small left axillary nodes without definite 
fatty hila, the largest of which measures 7 mm in short axis diameter 
(series 2 image 26, SL S1.68), and which appear similar to the prior 
study. A MediPort is noted within the right chest wall. There is no 
evidence of mediastinal lymphadenopathy. No large pulmonary nodules 
or liver lesions are identified. Diffuse low signal intensity is seen 
within the humeri bilaterally, which likely reflects chemotherapy 
effects.
 
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular tissue with 
moderate scattered foci of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
There is redemonstration of small scattered foci within the right 
breast which demonstrate gradual enhancement kinetics. Overall, the 
number and size of these enhancing foci appear slightly decreased 
compared with the prior study. No focal dominant mass or suspicious 
areas of enhancement are noted.
 
LEFT BREAST:
There has been near complete resolution of the large, enhancing mass 
noted at the 7 o'clock position of the left breast, with only a few, 
small, residual foci of enhancement, all of which demonstrate gradual 
enhancement kinetics. The largest of these measures 6 x 6 mm in the 
lower and slightly outer region of the left breast (series 7 image 
124, SL L94.2), and is located near the periphery of the enhancing 
tumor as seen on the prior study. Additional, smaller foci of 
enhancement are also seen, including a 6-mm enhancing nodule is also 
seen within the central left breast (series 7 image 118, SL L82.2) 
and a 4-mm focus (series 7 image 124, SL L94.2); these areas of 
enhancement appear to have been present on the prior study and are 
slightly more conspicuous, though this may be due to the depressed 
background enhancement from chemotherapy.
 
 
