FINDINGS:
 
Axial T1-weighted images of the chest and breasts reveal a 
chemotherapy infusion port over the left pectoralis major muscle, 
unchanged.    Enlarged right axillary lymph nodes.  The largest node 
has increased slightly since scans of January and November.  It  Is 
on series 1 image 73 lateral to the pectoralis major muscle margin.  
It measures 13 x 20 mm.
 
The breasts are composed of heterogeneously dense tissue with no     
background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
Extensive multi-centric enhancement involves the right breast from 7 
o'clock through 12 o'clock positions consistent with the patient's 
known tumor diagnosis.  Greatest linear dimension is 7 cm on series 
1202 image 242 in the cranial caudal direction the by 7.6 cm AP on 
image 234 by 5.1 cm left -- right.  The entire area has very rapid 
wash in followed by washout contrast kinetics.  Overall there has 
been no significant change since November 15 2000,, although some 
portions of the retroareolar part of the tumor may have decreased 
slightly.  There is no skin or chest wall invasion.  There is no 
evidence of diffuse edema or skin thickening to suggest inflammatory 
carcinoma.  Only minimal edema is evident near the tumor and 
pectoralis fascia beneath.
 
 LEFT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy.  The previously queried subtle 
non-masslike enhancement in the 12 o'clock position is no longer 
evident a small rim enhancing structure seen on series 1202 image 75 
corresponds to a inflamed cyst seen on series 200 image 69 and is 
similar in appearance to 01/06/2011 series 1102 image 360.  This is 
unchanged since 11/15/2010 series 2 image 266
 
