FINDINGS:
 
In the right hilum, there is a T2 bright indeterminate mass measuring 
approximately 1.3 cm (seen on series 2, SL S55, Image 17). In 
addition, there is an approximately 1.4 cm juxtapleural mass in the 
posterior medial aspect of the right lower lobe (Series 2, Image 21, 
SL S39).  Findings are incompletely evaluated on this study.
 
There are bilateral trace pleural effusions, slightly larger on the 
right.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with moderate scattered foci 
of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are multiple scattered foci of nonspecific gradual enhancement 
throughout the breast, however there are no areas of suspicious mass 
or non-mass enhancement to suggest invasive malignancy.  There is no 
right axillary or internal mammary lymphadenopathy.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
L1: At the 5 o' clock position, approximately 4 cm from the nipple 
(centered at slice locator I8 of series 11, image 255), there is a 
heterogeneous rim enhancing mass with rapid wash in and washout 
kinetics compatible with the patient's known index cancer. There is a 
signal void at the anterior aspect of the mass (image 253 of series 
11, slice locator I7) compatible with a postbiopsy metal marker. The 
mass abuts the chest wall but there is no abnormal pectoralis muscle 
enhancement.
 
L2: 7 mm lateral to the index mass, there is a 7-mm ovoid mass with 
gradual enhancement seen at slice locator S1 on image 237 of series 
11, suspicious for satellite lesion given its proximity to the index 
malignancy.
 
L3: There is an approximately 1 cm area of clumped enhancement at the 
12 o'clock position (centered on slice locator S25.5, image 188 of 
series 11) in the central aspect of the breast, measuring 2.7 cm from 
the nipple at the anterior aspect and 4 cm from the nipple at the 
posterior aspect. This clumped enhancement is centered 2.3 cm 
superior and 2.2 cm anterior to the index malignancy, L1. This 
finding is best seen spanning slice locator S33 image 173 to S23.5 
image192 on series 11.  Findings are suspicious for DCIS.
 
L4: There are prominent left axillary and subpectoral lymph nodes, 
the largest measuring up to 1 cm short axis. These lymph nodes 
demonstrated a suspicious appearance on outside ultrasound dated 
10/20/10, and are concerning for metastatic nodal disease.
 
L5: At the 12 o'clock position, posterior aspect of the breast, 6.8 
cm from the nipple, there is an intrinsically T2 bright gradually 
enhancing oval mass measuring 6 mm in size (on slice locator S54, 
image 131 of series 11), with suggestion of nonenhancing internal 
septations.  Findings are compatible with probable fibroadenoma.
 
There are multiple scattered foci of nonspecific gradual enhancement 
throughout the breast.
 
