FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal stable trace right pleural effusion. Previously noted 
juxtapleural mass in the right posterior chest is not well depicted 
on this examination but was evaluated on the outside CT chest dated 
11/22/10.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with mild scattered 
background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy. A few gradual nonspecific foci of 
enhancement are seen throughout the breast (such as on series 701 
image 55).
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
L1: A signal void is seen on series 701 image 66 corresponding to a 
postbiopsy metal marker. The previous index malignancy at the 5 
o'clock position has markedly decreased in size. Only a residual 4.6 
mm focus of enhancement is seen just posterior and medial to the 
metal marker, seen on series 701 image 65 measuring 5.3 cm from the 
nipple. 
 
L2: This lesion previously suspicious for potential satellite, 
previously seen 7 mm lateral to L1 is now faint and barely 
perceptible (series 701 image 65 and series 7 image 133, L91.8.)
 
L3: The clumped enhancement in the central breast is less avidly 
enhancing on the current exam as seen on series 701 image 57/series 7 
image 118, L66.3.
 
L4: The left axillary lymph nodes are less prominent than on the 
prior examination, currently measuring 1.6 x 0.8 cm and with now 
visualized fatty hila. There are no enlarged subpectoral lymph nodes 
identified.
 
L5: Stable probable fibroadenoma measuring 6 mm is noted at the 12 
o'clock position, posterior aspect of the breast, 5.3 cm from the 
nipple (series 7 image 116, L 62.9)
 
