FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal an 11 x 6 mm lymph node in the left axilla without a 
clear fatty hilum.  Other smaller, normal appearing nodes are seen 
bilaterally.
 
The breasts are composed of heterogeneously dense tissue with 
moderate stippled background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There is a 21 x 26 x 26-mm area of clumped non-masslike enhancement 
in the upper inner aspect of the right breast approximately 2 o'clock 
position centered 7.5 cm from the base of the nipple.  This has rapid 
initial contrast enhancement followed by progressive gradual late 
enhancement during the during the washout phase.  There is no 
corresponding T2 signal abnormality in this region.
 
 
Elsewhere in the right breast a few small cysts are noted 
incidentally.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
There is a 42 by 22 x 38 mm rapidly enhancing mass with rim 
enhancement in the 12 o'clock position of the left breast centered 
approximately 6.4 cm from the nipple.  Previously this was reported 
as two masses, as there are biopsy clips in the superior and inferior 
aspect of this mass however based on imaging today I believe the two 
masses are now confluent and hence best described as a single large 
mass.  There is some ductal pattern extension extending anteriorly 
over approximately an additional 3 cm suspicious for associated 
intraductal malignancy
 
Incidentally, in the lower outer aspect of the left breast there is a 
16 x 11 mm nonenhancing cyst with high T2 signal in the lower outer 
quadrant a clock position 3.5 cm from the nipple
 
