FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal few confluent lymph nodes in the right axilla, spanning 
an area 18 x 7 mm, better evaluated on the CT from April 28, 2011.  A 
prominent 9 x 16-mm and T2 hypointense lesion is noted on the 
localizers, and likely volume averaging from the pulmonary artery.  
No associated adenopathy is appreciated on the prior CT.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with moderate clustered 
areas of background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
A a large area of non-masslike enhancement is seen in the upper inner 
breast extending to the upper outer right breast extending to slice 
locator 101.7 and from the base of the nipple to the pectoralis.  No 
abnormal enhancement of the pectoralis is appreciated to suggest 
direct invasion.  In the upper inner breast, this exhibits 
enhancement with steep rise and plateau on dynamic imaging.  In the 
upper outer breast, the contiguous area of enhancement and 
demonstrates intermediate rise with plateau.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
Scattered foci of background enhancement are more prominent in the 
left breast with more confluent areas in the upper inner left breast 
from slice locator 54.1 to 69.3.  This exhibits areas of steep rise 
and plateau and other areas of intermediate rise and plateau on 
dynamic imaging.  An additional T2 bright, enhancing thick-walled 
lesion (slice locator 86.4) is also seen within the retroareolar 
medial left breast, measuring 12 x 13 mm, which may represent a thick 
walled cyst, but is incompletely evaluated.
 
