FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal no abnormally enlarged lymph nodes.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with marked     background 
enhancement, significantly increased relative to the prior study and 
indicative of a different phase of the menstrual cycle, which 
severely limits the MRI interpretation.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
As noted above, the marked background enhancement severely limits 
interpretation and because of this, the patient's known cancer on the 
right is masked.  Residual areas of suspicious enhancement are seen 
within the upper inner right breast, from approximately 12 to 4 
o'clock, measuring approximately 3.1 x 2.6 x 3.1 cm in largest 
dimension and best seen on the kinetic studies with rapid rise and 
washout. The extent of involvement is difficult to define given the 
significant background enhancement.  Other simple cysts are seen 
which appear benign.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
The previously described area of confluent enhancement within the 
upper inner breast, labeled L1 and shown by biopsy to represent 
proliferative fibrocystic change, appears similar to the prior study, 
again with rapid rise and plateau on kinetics, and now has evidence 
of a metal marker within it.  The previously described enhancing, 
thick-walled T2 hyperintense lesion in the retroareolar medial left 
breast, labeled L2 and shown by aspiration to represent a benign 
cyst, is no longer visualized, however evidence of a metal marker is 
seen in its place.  No new areas of suspicious enhancement are 
identified.
 
