FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal a dominant lesion in the upper outer quadrant of the 
left breast with multiple additional satellite lesions which have 
demonstrated interval growth compared to the 1/13/12 MRI. There is a 
single 12 x 13 mm prominent left axillary lymph node that has an 
eccentrically placed, small, fatty hilum and a thick cortex. The 
appearance of this lymph node is similar to the MRI dated 1/13/12 
remeasured 11 x 19 mm. A metallic marker placed within this lymph 
node. Previous biopsy report demonstrated no evidence of metastatic 
disease on FNA.
 
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular tissue with 
minimal background enhancement.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are a few scattered nonspecific, gradually enhancing foci 
scattered throughout the breast parenchyma .There are no areas of 
suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to suggest invasive 
malignancy.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
The large palpable index lesion is located in the upper outer 
quadrant, spanning the 12 o'clock to three o'clock positions, with 
the 
center of the mass located 7.5 cm from the nipple (series 23, image 
50, slice locator L89.45). The index mass measures 3.6 x 3.9 x 3.5 
cm, previously 3.2 x 3.8 x 3.0 cm on 1/13/12, and will be referred to 
as lesion L1. There is also mild extension of the index lesion into 
the upper inner quadrant.  The posterior extent of the index lesion 
is 13mm from the pectoralis muscle.  A signal intensity void within 
the center of the mass correlates with the metallic marker placed at 
the time of ultrasound guided biopsy. The mass is very superficial, 
with distortion, enhancement, and thickening of the overlying skin 
worrisome for dermal invasion.
 
Lateral to the index lesion there are two satellite nodules that 
likely correspond to the L2 and L3 lesions described on the previous 
MRI dated 1/13/12. The more inferior of these lesions will be termed 
L2, and measures 1.1 x 1.4 cm (previously 1.3 x 1.7 
cm) and is 5.8 cm from the base of the nipple (series 23, image 36, 
slice locator 110.45); the more superior of these lesions, termed L3, 
is 2.0 x 2.0 cm (previously 1.5 x 1.2 cm) and 7.4 cm from the base of 
the nipple (series 23, image 38, slice locator L107.45). Both of 
these lesions are contiguous with the index lesion.  L3 has 
demonstrated interval central necrosis compared to the prior study.
 
A 9-mm L4 lesion inferior to the index lesion (series 23, image 46, 
slice locator L95.45), 6.8 cm from the nipple, previously measured 9 
mm on the 1/13/12 study. The superior margin of this lesion also is 
ill-defined, and is in continuity with the index lesion. 
 
The previously identified L5 lesion located 1.2 cm inferior to and 
separate from the inferior margin of the index lesion, measures 6 mm 
in diameter (previously 5mm), and is located 5.1 cm from the base of 
the nipple (series 23, image 46, slice locator L95.45). 
 
There is a L6 lesion located anterior and inferior to the index 
lesion measuring 11 mm in diameter, previously 10 mm, (series 23, 
image 51, slice locator L87.95).  There has been interval evolution 
of this lesion with rim enhancement and central necrosis.
 
Along the anteroinferior margin of L1, there is a 4.0 cm long region 
of clumped enhancement in a linear distribution of with rapid wash in 
and washout of contrast that extends towards the nipple (previously 
measuring 3.5 cm), with the anterior margin of this region being 
1.3-cm from the base of the nipple. The posterior margin of this 
clumped enhancement is contiguous with the index lesion L1, L5, and 
L6. The morphology and enhancement kinetics are suspicious for 
malignancy.
 
The overall area of involvement, mentioned above, is confined to the 
upper outer quadrant, and measures 7.5 x 4.9 x 4.5 (previously 6.5 x 
4.7 x 4.5) cm in antero-posterior, craniocaudal, and transverse 
dimensions, respectively. The most inferior margin of the involved 
region is at the level of the nipple.
 
Note is made of nonenhancing T1 bright material within the central 
ducts, which most likely represents inspissated material, unchanged.
 
 
