FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal unremarkable extramammary regional structures.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with interval decrease in 
degree of background enhancement relative to the prior study, now 
minimal.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
An intact unilateral retropectoral saline implant is seen.
 
L1: Again seen is a dominant mass within the left breast at the two 
o'clock position, 9 cm from the nipple, best seen on series 7, image 
23, slice locator S101.9, which correlates with lesion labeled L1 on 
prior MRI with pathology demonstrating IDC by ultrasound-guided core 
biopsy on 2/14/2011.  This lesion has not significantly changed 
compared to the prior study and measures approximately 1.6 x 1.5 x 
1.7 cm with a signal void at the superoanterior aspect of the mass 
likely representing postbiopsy metal marker, and a 4 mm probably 
satellite lesion immediately inferior to this dominant mass.  
 
L2:  The previously seen irregular mass, located posterolateral to L1 
and labeled L2 on the prior MRI with pathology demonstrating 
micropapillary DCIS by ultrasound-guided core biopsy on 2/14/2011, 
demonstrates no residual enhancement on today's study.  A signal void 
is again seen at the site of the postbiopsy marker on series 7, image 
23, slice locator S101.9.
 
L3: The previously seen area of non-masslike enhancement in the 
retroareolar outer breast, labeled L3 on the prior MRI, is no longer 
evident on today's exam.
 
L4: The previously seen prominent left axillary lymph node, labeled 
L4 on the prior ultrasound with pathology demonstrating reactive 
follicular hyperplasia by FNA biopsy on 2/14/2011, has slightly 
decreased in size and is now normal in size and morphology.
 
Elsewhere, there are several scattered, nonspecific, gradually 
enhancing nonspecific foci in the left breast.
 
