FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal interval decrease in size of multiple left axillary 
lymph nodes which now measure up to 1.2 cm in short axis, compared 
with 2.8 cm short axis on 6/10/2011.  This includes at least one 
level 3 / Rotter's node deep to the pectoralis minor muscle measuring 
9 mm.
 
The breasts are composed of scattered fibroglandular tissue with 
minimal scattered foci of background enhancement.
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
There has been slight interval decrease in size of the patient's 
biopsy-proven invasive carcinoma index mass at 2:00 o'clock position, 
8.5 cm from the nipple (L1)(series 7, image 113, slice locator 
L134.4), which measures 1.8 cm in maximum dimension, from 2.1 cm on 
6/10/2011 MRI.  The mass is best seen on the axial reconstructions 
(series 700, images 63 + 64) and is characterized as linear 
enhancement on the sagittal images (series 7, images 110-117, slice 
locators L125.5 - L146.4).  A signal void due to the post-biopsy 
metal marker within the mass is again noted.  Perilesional edema has 
resolved.  
 
An additional 8 mm irregular gradual enhancing mass located 1 cm 
anterior and 1 cm caudal to the index mass, at 2 o'clock, 7 cm from 
the nipple (L2)(series 7, image 111, slice locator L 128.4) is 
unchanged in size and morphology.  Despite its stability, this 
finding is suspicious for a satellite lesion given its proximity to 
the index cancer.
 
There are no additional areas of suspicious mass or non-mass 
enhancement to suggest other areas of disease in the left breast.
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
There are no areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy in the right breast.
 
