FINDINGS:
 
Preliminary 3-plane localizer and axial T1-weighted images of the 
breast reveal marked interval decrease in size of the left axillary 
lymph nodes, the largest measuring 14 x 9 mm best seen on series 2A, 
image 17, S90.
 
The breasts are composed of dense tissue with minimal scattered foci 
of background enhancement.
 
 
RIGHT BREAST:
 
 
There are a few scattered nonspecific enhancing foci throughout the 
breast, without areas of suspicious mass or non-mass enhancement to 
suggest invasive malignancy. 
 
LEFT BREAST:
 
 
L1:  Interval decrease in size and conspicuity of known biopsy proven 
cancer at the 2:00 o'clock position, 5 cm from nipple, which 
initially presented as an area of non-masslike enhancement measuring 
4 x 2.5 cm on prior MRI.  Residual non-mass enhancement now measures 
2 x 0.9 x 1.5 cm, best seen on series 700A, image 40 and series 78, 
image 136, L93.7. Findings are suggestive of partial response to 
chemotherapy. Susceptibility within this enhancing area compatible 
iwht post-biopsy metal marker is again noted.
 
L2:  Approximately 9mm anterior inferior and medial to the index 
cancer, there has been no interval change in size or conspicuity of a 
4-mm gradually enhancing focus (best seen on series 700A, image 46 
and series 78, image 132, L87.3). This finding had been concerning 
for a possible satellite lesion on prior MRI.  It's stability in face 
of positive treatment response elsewhere in the breast and axilla 
make this finding somewhat less concerning, however in light of its 
proximity to the index cancer, excision is still recommended.
Elsewhere, there are a few scattered nonspecific enhancing foci 
throughout the breast which appear stable.
 
 
